A Koroit game developer has released a sprintcar racing game featuring drivers, sponsors and commentary from the Premier Speedway community. SCREAM - Sprint Car Racing Evolved Action on Mud is a free, open-source video game for fans of the open-wheel format. Developer Mahda Christopher Greene-Moon has been going to the speedway for about 30 years and first had the idea for the game when he was 14. \"Speedway has a great family atmosphere and I just love what it's trying to promote,\" he told The Standard. The game includes a number of real-world businesses and drivers, such as Junior Formula 500 driver Koby O'Shannassy. \"I got in touch with the team and they were so keen to have his sprintcar in the game,\" Mr Greene-Moon said. The cars of Tim Van Ginneken, David Donegan and Johnny Vogels are also included in the game's lineup. SCREAM features commentary from Premier Speedway track announcer Gavin White, recorded live with his blessing. \"I've only got a little bit of commentary in at the moment but the next update should have a lot more.\" IN OTHER NEWS Mr Greene-Moon said he was blown away with the positive feedback the game had received. \"I'm stoked with where it's at, but this is just the beginning for development,\" he said. \"There's still quite a few bugs with the AI but that's the fun part of working on this, to see how good it can get.\" The game's extensive roadmap details plans for a time trial mode, track wear, online multiplayer and a dynamic weather system in future updates. Mr Greene-Moon said he'd also like to include the tracks at Laang, Darlington, Simpson, Portland, Redline and Horsham. \"I'm keen to add any other tracks or clubs that want to get on board, especially the smaller ones that don't get as much focus,\" he said. \"The community spirit at speedway starts from these grassroot tracks, so I'll do anything to support them.\" Mr Greene-Moon said he'd been working on SCREAM in his free time for the past few years, experimenting with different game engines. Ultimately, he decided to release the game's code publicly to \"cut through the commercialism of the industry\". \"Hopefully some people can learn from it and build some awesome stuff as well,\" he said. \"I'll continue to work on and update the game as often as I can.\" SCREAM can be played online at mahda.itch.io/scream.

After a thrilling fourth round of the SRA Series at Allansford's Premier Speedway on November 18, fans have to wait until December 16 for the next race. In the meantime, some have turned to driving the track themselves in the racing game SCREAM - Sprint Car Racing Evolved Action on Mud. Developed almost solely by Koroit man Mahda Christopher Greene-Moon, the project has made steady progress since its initial release in October 2022. The game's Facebook group has grown to almost 100 members since The Standard last spoke to Mr Greene-Moon in May 2023. The developer said when he released SCREAM's first build, he never expected it to become so successful. \"I've got 3000 views and 1000 plays of this game in a year. I'm blown away by that,\" he said. \"But I'm not looking at the numbers at all, I'm just stoked that anyone's interested.\" The idea for SCREAM grew from Mr Greene-Moon's desire to form a community for speedway fans who couldn't afford to attend meetings or races. The game's code is available publicly so players are able to personally assist with development, and Mr Greene-Moon intends to keep it that way. \"I'm trying to keep commercialism out of it as much as possible. It's more a representation of the fun and spirit of racing rather than the money side,\" he said. While the addition of tracks at Avalon and Simpson are on the horizon, the developer is currently focused on the virtual Premier Speedway. \"As of the latest update, you can actually drive out to the pit lane and see some trucks that have finally arrived,\" he said. \"You can also drive around to the Warrnambool-side canteen. It's coming together to be a pretty fun interactive little place.\" With an extensive to-do list including track wear and a dynamic weather system, it appears work on SCREAM is nowhere near complete. But Mr Greene-Moon said he \"couldn't be happier\" with the progress it had made so far, and wants to continue development in his free time. \"I think the playability of the game is a lot better now,\" he said. \"You can load it up and hit fast laps straight away. \"Back in May it wasn't quite there, it was a bit janky and didn't play in the browser very well. Now it does.\" SCREAM can be played online at mahda.itch.io/scream.

