After a thrilling fourth round of the SRA Series at Allansford's Premier
Speedway on November 18, fans have to wait until December 16 for the next race.

In the meantime, some have turned to driving the track themselves in the racing
game SCREAM - Sprint Car Racing Evolved Action on Mud.

Developed almost solely by Koroit man Mahda Christopher Greene-Moon, the
project has made steady progress since its initial release in October 2022.

The game's Facebook group has grown to almost 100 members since The_Standard
last_spoke_to_Mr_Greene-Moon_in_May_2023. The developer said when he released
SCREAM's first build, he never expected it to become so successful. "I've got
3000 views and 1000 plays of this game in a year. I'm blown away by that," he
said.

"But I'm not looking at the numbers at all, I'm just stoked that anyone's
interested."

The idea for SCREAM grew from Mr Greene-Moon's desire to form a community for
speedway fans who couldn't afford to attend meetings or races. The game's code
is available publicly so players are able to personally assist with
development, and Mr Greene-Moon intends to keep it that way. "I'm trying to
keep commercialism out of it as much as possible. It's more a representation of
the fun and spirit of racing rather than the money side," he said. While the
addition of tracks at Avalon and Simpson are on the horizon, the developer is
currently focused on the virtual Premier Speedway.

"As of the latest update, you can actually drive out to the pit lane and see
some trucks that have finally arrived," he said. "You can also drive around to
the Warrnambool-side canteen. It's coming together to be a pretty fun
interactive little place." With an extensive to-do list including track wear
and a dynamic weather system, it appears work on SCREAM is nowhere near
complete. But Mr Greene-Moon said he "couldn't be happier" with the progress it
had made so far, and wants to continue development in his free time. "I think
the playability of the game is a lot better now," he said. "You can load it up
and hit fast laps straight away.

"Back in May it wasn't quite there, it was a bit janky and didn't play in the
browser very well. Now it does."

SCREAM can be played online at mahda.itch.io/scream.


original article: https://www.standard.net.au/story/8424849/sprintcar-fans-satisfy-their-racing-cravings-with-south-west-game/?cs=72
